# Solution

## First Part
To execute `solution/first_part.py`, you will need to set up a `.env` file containing the necessary environment variables. Follow these steps:

1. **Create a `.env` File**

   Create a file named `.env` in the root directory of your project (where `solution` and `datasets` directories are located).

2. **Add Environment Variables**

   Populate the `.env` file with the following environment variables:
```plaintext
FILE_PATH=../datasets/input-file-10000.txt
INIT_DATETIME=2019-08-12 22:00:04.351000
END_DATETIME=2024-08-14 21:59:58.341000
HOST=Lynnsie
```


Replace `../datasets/input-file-10000.txt` with the path to your input file relative to the project root.

3. **Prepare Datasets Directory**

Ensure that the `datasets` directory exists in the project root and contains the specified input file (`input-file-10000.txt`).

4. **Logs Directory**

Logs generated by `first_part.py` will be stored in the `logs` directory (ensure this directory exists).

5. **Execute the Script**

Run the `first_part.py` script to process the input file using the specified configuration:

```bash
python solution/first_part.py
```

## Second Part

The `second_part.py` script reads configuration settings from `config/config_part_config.conf`. Follow these instructions to configure and execute the script:

1. Configure `config_part_config.conf`. Create or update the `config_part_config.conf` file with the following structure:
```plaintext
[Paths]
datasets_directory = datasets
logs_directory = logs
file_name = input-file-100002.txt

[Server]
host_name = Lynnsie
```

Ensure that `datasets_directory` and `logs_directory` point to the correct directories relative to the project root.

2. Run the `second_part.py` script to process the configuration and generate records:
```bash
python solution/second_part.py
```
This script will use the configuration provided in `config_part_config.conf` to interact with datasets and logs directories, as well as generate records based on the specified server settings
## Entries Generator
Generate Records. 
Use `entries_generator.py` to generate records while `second_part.py` is running. 
Edit `entries_generator.py` to specify:
- The number of entries to add (num_entries_to_add = 5) 
- The desired destination host.